fix database manager with multiple pipelines and expiry action (#181)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-geoip: docs/index.asciidoc

If you would like to get Autonomous System Number(ASN) information, you can use the GeoLite2-ASN database.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-database_license"]
==== Database License

https://www.maxmind.com[MaxMind] changed from releasing the GeoIP database under
a Creative Commons (CC) license to a proprietary end-user license agreement
(EULA).  The MaxMind EULA requires Logstash to update the MaxMind database
within 30 days of a database update. If Logstash fails to download the database

> for 30 days, it will stop the pipeline in order to maintain compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for 30 days, the geoip filter will stop enriching events in order to maintain compliance. Events will be tagged with `_geoip_expired_database` tag to facilitate the handling of these events.
```

Author: There will be a follow-up PR for the doc. I will update this line. thx :)
